CSCB58 Project File: Summer 2017

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Seemin 
Last Name: Syed
Student Number:1002221892
UofT E-mail Address:seemin.syed@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Lan
Last Name: Yao
Student Number: 1004607124
UofT E-mail Address: lan.yao@mail.utoronto.ca

Project Details
---------------
Project Title: Allergic to Bees

Project Description: Player moves on screen while avoiding incresing number of moving objects and tries to stay alive as long as possible. 
-joystick to move character
-VGA board to show game screen
-decreasing counter whenever the person dies, or increasing when they get a (life) consumable
-randomly bouncng objects, like in pong but number increasing as time passes
-counter for time alive, which increases number of obstacles on screen
-consumables that may have effects on player, such as extra life, increased speed, etc

Video URL:
 ~

Code URL (please upload a copy of this file to your repository at the end of the project as well, it will serve as a useful resource for future development):
https://github.com/yaolan4/cscb58-final-project

Proposal
--------

What do you plan to have completed by the end of the first lab session?:
Look through attributed code to get an idea of how to implement certain features, then work out how to implement a joystick and obstacles (make them bounce and keep adding and different speed) and make a FSM for the game.

What do you plan to have completed by the end of the second lab session?:
Implement counters for lives and timer, make character die when lives are zero

What do you plan to have completed by the end of the third lab session?:
Add comsumable objects to increase/decrease speed of obstacles or to get/lose life. If there is time, make it two players.

What is your backup plan if things don't work out as planned?
If obstacles don't bounce, we make them cross the screen.
If joystick does not work, use keys or buttons.
If there is not enough time, ignore consumbles or extra player. 

What hardware will you need beyond the DE2 board 
(be sure to e-mail Brian if it’s anything beyond the basics to make sure there's enough to go around)
Joystick

Motivations
-----------
How does this project relate to the material covered in CSCB58?:
Counters: lives and timer; 
VGA board: for visuals;
FSM: for controlling the whole thing

Why is this project interesting/cool (for CSCB58 students, and for non CSCB58 students?):

Why did you personally choose this project?:clkBall

Attributions
------------
Provide a complete list of any external resources your project used (attributions should also be included in your
code).  
From CSCB58 website:
Why did the chicken cross the road?	Jerry Lui
T+V Pong				Vincent Landolfi
Brick Breaker				Adrian Ensan, Julia Yan
Clicky					Fides Linga, Matu Manogaran, Angela Zavaleta Bernuy

Updates
-------

<Example update. Delte this and add your own updates after each lab session>
Week 1: We built the hardware and tested the sensors. The distance sensor we had intended to use didn't work as
expected (wasn't precise enough at further distances, only seems to work accurately within 5-10cm), so instead
we've decided to change the project to use a light sensor instead. Had trouble getting the FSM to work (kept
getting stuck in state 101, took longer to debug than expected), so we may not be able to add the
high score feature, have updated that in the project description as (optional).


